Patch22

Star Trek: Discovery - Part I

USS Discovery
- mycelium drive
 - harvest mycelium
 - refine mycelium into Cultivated Mycelium
 - as long as have Cultivated Mycelium, can jump, subject to cooldown
Anomaly Events
 - last for 7-10 mins
 - randomly occur throughout the galaxy
 - hostiles pour out of anomolies
 - mine resources rapidly before anomoly gone
New Officers
 E Michael burnham
  - steadfast: increase impulse
  - intuitive: when hit, reduce opponent's sheilds in PvP 
 R Saru
  - precautions: reduce opponent criticial hit chance in PvP
  - avoid danger: reduce opponents damage in PvP
 U Origins Burnham
  - vulcan hello: increase attack of all officers
  - risk-taker: increase damage
 C Oirigins Stamets
  - biologist: increase defense of all officers
  - no time to waste: increase hull health
 C Origins Saru
  - vigilant: increase health of all officers
  - prey instinct: increase warp speed
Discovery missions and stories
Battle-Pass 24d
 Avatars
  Officer Burnham Avatar
  Officer Saru Avatar
  Officer Stamets Avatar
  USS Discovery Avatar
  Star Trek Day Avatar
 Frames
  Gold Discovery Emblem
  Mycelial Spore
  Sarcophagus Ship

Imrovements
 Battle Reports
  300 battle reports now stored
 Exchange Armadas
  guaranteed spawn rate

Bug Fixes

 Fixed the missing 3rd icon of the top 3 contributors in the alliance contributions list.
 Fixed an issue affecting certain strings overlapping.
 Fixed an issue where players could still attack a station without assigning captain to the ship.
 Fixed the Pure Research nodes not showing the discounted amount. Please note that this fix will not affect any faction related costs
 Fixed an issue where the research timer changed significantly after tapping on the "Go" button in the "Requirements Not Met" section of the other research.
 Fixed an issue with the [Multi-select Object Viewer] If target warps away when you arrow over to it, object viewer and ship cards break.
 Fixed an minor visual issue with the officers' stats bonuses not updating properly.
 Fixed an issue with the game being stuck when tapping on the "OK" button in the Event's banner.
 Fixed an issue when tapping on the Prestige Research Icon, it doesn't take the player to a research node available from the Shipyard and Drydock.
 Fixed the art for the Stella Researches being missing after exiting and entering the Research menu repeatedly from the Prestige Research Icon on the Drydock and Shipyard.
 Fixed an Android issue where the device's Back button did not work when launching the game for the first time after a fresh installation.
 Fixed an issue when interacting with in-game notifications in a number of menus causing them to overlap with the HUD.
 Fixed an issue with the game getting stuck after going back to the "Research" screen from the "Event Leaderboard" screen.
 Fixed an issue with the "Victory/Defeat" battle in-game notifications missing after fighting a Faction Revenge hostile.
 Fixed an issue with the targeting ability being removed if the targeted player warps out.
 Fixed an issue with empty notifications appearing when a PvP battle starts and the text shows up on the "Battle Results" notifications after attempting to send two ships to attack a player's ship.
 Fixed an issue with Eurydice's portrait displaying as a datapad in the chest opening screen.
 Fixed an issue with the game getting stuck in the "Research" screen after navigating to a building through the "Go" button in the "Requirements Not Met" section then opening the "Research" screen again.
 Fixed an issue with the upgrading time not being displayed in the "Research Upgrade" panel after collecting then upgrading that research continuously.
 Fixed an issue with some ships getting stuck in combat status due to poor connection.
 Fixed an issue with completed events being shown before active events.
 Fixed an issue with Armada notifications being displayed incorrectly if an Armada battle is created right after the player joins an Alliance.
 Fixed certain Korean characters which were displayed incorrectly
 Fixed an issue with the instant Repair button not being present in the Ship Management Panel.
 Fixed an issue with the object viewer not loading when coming back from the full scan screen while the multi-select option is enabled on stacked hostiles.
 Fixed an issue with players not being able to level up officers that are not unlocked yet.
 Fixed an issue with the quest "Hold Fast" where after completing the first objective, the recommended level disappears from the Mission Panel.
 Fixed an issue with the mission "Upgrade Tritanium Warehouse: Level 38" not activating despite meeting the requirements.
 Fixed an issue with the quest "A sleeping Giant's" last dialogue from the second objective of the mission being delivered by Maia instead of Ro Mudd.
 Fixed a grammar error with the quest "Fade to Black" with Mudd's dialogue for the fourth objective of the mission.
 Fixed an issue where some officers have been wrongly configured for Rank up Ability increases. 


